# bobble_bigmauji (Android Assignment - Bobble Internship)

# Ques-1
• Bobble Users enjoy Bigmauji feature a lot, so bobble is planning to create a big Text.
You are tasked to create an app with an option to display text entered by the user like a
threaded conversation.
• There should be an option for the user to enter some text and a display/send button
beside it
• Once the user enters the text and press the display button, the text should be displayed
as a list above the text input box like a threaded conversation(latest should be at the
bottom).
• If the user press and hold the display button, then entered text should keep on increasing
in size (animations can be shown for the same on the screen- watch bigmouji video),
• When the user releases the button it should be displayed in the appropriate size selected
by the user and input field should be blank.
• Also when the user closes and reopens the app, previous data should be shown(Think
about user experience if the data is too much)

# Answer:
1) All commands needed to set up and execute said code:
	1) Technology Used: 
		1) Framework: Flutter (Used Version: 1.12.13+hotfix.8 • channel stable)
		2) Language Used: Dart (Used Version: 2.7.0)
		3) IDE Used: Android Studio (Used Version: 3.4)
							
	2) Various components of the structure of the application are explained here −
		1) android − Auto generated source code to create android application
                2) ios − Auto generated source code to create ios application
 		3) lib − Main folder containing Dart code written using flutter framework
		4) lib/main.dart − Entry point of the Flutter application
		5) test − Folder containing Dart code to test the flutter application
		6) test/widget_test.dart − Sample code
		7) .gitignore − Git version control file
		8) .metadata − auto generated by the flutter tools
		9) .packages − auto generated to track the flutter packages
		10) .iml − project file used by Android studio
		11) pubspec.yaml − Used by Pub, Flutter package manager
		12) pubspec.lock − Auto generated by the Flutter package manager, Pub
		13) README.md − Project description file written in Markdown format
		
	3) The screenshots and apk are uploaded as well.
		
# Ques 2
One of the developer is facing the following error while using the application,
Exception in thread "main" java.util.ConcurrentModificationException
at java.util.ArrayList$Itr.checkForComodification(ArrayList.java:859)
at java.util.ArrayList$Itr.next(ArrayList.java:831)
at main.java.Bobble.main(Test.java:25)
Can you tell what he might be doing wrong? and how he can fix it? demonstrate how to
reproduce the error, and then the resolution

# Answer:
It is important to understand the problem by breaking the problem into small parts.

## 1) Why this exception occurs : 
It happens due to array list is modified after creation of Iterator. The iterators returned by this ArrayList's iterator and listIterator methods are fail-fast: if the list is structurally modified at any time after the iterator is created, in any way except through the iterator's own remove or add methods, the iterator will throw a ConcurrentModificationException. Thus, in the face of concurrent modification, the iterator fails quickly and cleanly, rather than risking arbitrary, non-deterministic behavior at an undetermined time in the future.
So the developer might be modifying the Collection and then trying to use the same iterator

## 2) How to fix the error :
Ways to correct the error:
	1) Get the Collection iterator again
	2) Iterator can be used to solve this problem. Iterators allow the caller to remove elements from the underlying collection during the iteration.
	3) Instead of ArrayList, CopyOnWriteArrayList can be used to solve the problem. CopyOnWriteArrayList is a thread-safe variant of ArrayList in which all mutative 	operations (add, set, and so on) are implemented by making a fresh copy of the underlying array.
	
	
## 3) How to reproduce the error :
Just loop over a list using for loop and try to remove one element, you will get the ConcurrentModificatoinException.
what happends when we loop over an ArrayList and remove selected element is that remove() is throwing "Exception in thread "main" java.util.ConcurrentModificationException".
The real cause of ConcurrentModfiicationException is inconsistent modCount. When you are iterating over ArrayList then Iterator's next() method keep track of modCount. If you modify the collection by adding or removing element then modCount will change and it will not match with the expected modCount, hence Iterator will throw ConcurrentModificationException.



			
	

